{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh10780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi Wes,\
\
I analyzed the data you provided and would like to offer some findings and thoughts.\
\
Data Quality Issues:\
	1. Missing Data - There is a sizable amount of null values that restrict analysis. Only 89 out of 7,381 receipt items (1.2%) have barcodes. This inhibits brand analysis because it effectively severs the link between the tables needed.\
\
	2. Unclean Data - Nested data structures like dateScanned make it difficult to analyze trends out of the gate. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MongoDB Structure:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	I noticed that the data is in a MongoDB format. While MongoDB works well for application development it presents challenges for reporting and analytics. Nested fields like rewardsReceiptItemList make querying complex.\
\
Recommendations:\
	- Make it so important fields like barcode get recorded.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- Switch to a columnar database. BigQuery, Vertica and Snowflake are some good options to consider.\
	- Implement a retention policy for tables with large fields like rewardsReceiptItemList. This will cut down on storage costs.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
I do have a few questions:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	-How many concurrent users pull reports? \
	-Do you get a large volume of requests daily?\
	-What is the critical focus of your reporting team? \
\
I look forward to hearing from you!\
\
Sincerely,\
Wynne}
